Feedback Part 1

Final Topic -> Utah County Housing
Related Question -> How are the features of a home in Utah County related to its list price

I choose to solicit feedback from Andrew Bargeron and Aidan Cooney. They both agreed that the topic of my project
was good, and would be solid grounds for analysis and interesting insights. They both pointed out that it could make
my project more challanging (in a good way) if I included more than one set of data (scraping from more than just
one API.) I agreed with them, and have since added more data to the analysis to draw additional insights.


Feedback Part 2 (Data Collection) 

First draft SHA -> 900e32af3d2816fb4454c82d21a20c6821df9a1c

I chose to solicit feedback from Andrew Bargeron, Daphne Lesueur, and my mom (for a non statistical audience). The feedback
was overwhelmingly positive. They all felt that the process was well explained and easy to follow despite the data Collection
process being difficult to understand in the first place. My Mom liked how it was engaging to her even though she did not
understand the code. They all provided feedback for correcting small errors. I fixed
small errors in my code, and addressed the formatting to make it more legible.


Feedback Part 3 (Data Analysis)

I chose to solicit feedback from Andrew Bargeron, Daphne Lesueur, and my mom (for a non statistical audience). They all liked
what I had done with my analysis, and found it easy to follow with how I asked my questions, and answered them. I had one of my
visualizations mixed up when I moved everyting from a word document to my website and Andrew was able to point that out so I could
fix it. They recommended that I take one more pass through to correct any grammatical mistakes I made.


Feedback Part 4 (Streamlit App)

I chose to solicit feedback from Andrew Bargeron, Daphne Lesueur, and my mom (for a non statistical audience), and even Dr. Tass. Andrew commented on 
how easy the dashboard is to use and understand. They all enjoyed that the charts were interactive, and that there was a tool at the
beginning that you could mess around with in a "what if" sort of way. None of them had anything to say that would require me to alter the
dasboard.